# InteriorDesignerAI

Targeting two types of customers. They are:
1.Customers who wish to design their new home or office interior.
2.Customers who wish to change their home or office interior.

Solution to Type 1 customers:
Description:
 Those who newly build their home or office wish to have a good looking and soothing interior based on their interest so that they can fully optimize their space with in their budget. For them we provide dynamic photo templates of interiors for their house or office interior. We take a picture of their interior then we make photo gallery with beautiful furniture in their interior.
Features to implement:
1. Take a picture of their interior.
A descent UI capable of having input file button, so as to facilitate customers to upload a image of their empty interior
2.An AI generated system calculates all required parameters or attributes like height, width etc. So as to use them for further processing.
3.We give a photo gallery with all the images of furniture, So that customer may select the things that has to be inside the interior.
4.Another AI system is made with CNN and image processing, That takes all the user interests and fits them inside the interior image provided by customer.
5.A final image with selected furniture is made available for the customer.
6.With help of add data set, We make some templates that has different look feel so that customer may select any one of them and total furniture set is embedded inside his interior.
7.Object Search (Image search):
If customer has some images of his desired furniture, he can upload the image and all related furniture objects from the store are given to him.

8.Object Recommendation:
Based on the interior image and user interest we recommend different furniture objects to the customer.
9.Score calculation (Perfectness of the fit for the interior):
An AI generated system is made with a  score mechanism, which takes an image of the interior and calculates the perfectness of the interior by taking in to many factors like space, color , compactness etc.



Solution to Type 2 customers:
Description:
 Those who already have an interior furniture built in their office or home and wish to modify or change their interior. For them they are interest to replace or change some or entirely their old furniture with respect to their budget. 
Features to implement:
1. Take a picture of their interior.
A descent UI capable of having input file button, so as to facilitate customers to upload a image of their interior.
2.An AI generated system identifies all the furniture objects from an image.
3.User if allowed to select multiple objects form the objects generated by above model to change or replace those objects.
4.User is given an gallery of furniture objects from our store. Then user select objects that has to be replaced with the selected objects from the interior image.
5.An AI model with CNN and Image processing support replaces all the selected objects from the interior  image with selected objects from the gallery.
6.Customer is given a new image with replaced objects from his interior image.
7.AI generated Score calculation system (Perfectness of the fit for the interior)
8.Customer can repeat this process several times until he is convinced. Once the customer is convinced he can contact with the organization.  


Conclusion:
We make a system that finalizes an interior designer based on Artificial Intelligence (AI). The design is custom-made, personalized to customer need and generates interior designs that look like realistic photos. The system is  developed with cutting-edge technology based on AI, deep learning, image processing as well as advanced algorithms.
